Pd 605 606 607 helm chart and ui (#29)
portworx/pxdocs-backup: content/use-px-backup/configure-ui.md

---
title: Configure access to the PX-Backup UI
description: Configure access to the PX-Backup UI

> keywords: upgrade,

Reviewer: Keyword says upgrade. But this section is for configuring and accessing UI

---
title: Configure access to the PX-Backup UI
description: Configure access to the PX-Backup UI
keywords: configure,
weight: 10
hidesections: true
disableprevnext: true
scrollspy-container: false
type: common-landing
---

> By default, the PX-Backup UI is configured <!-- need description of the current default config here. -->. If the standard PX-Backup UI configuration doesn't work with your cluster architecture, you can alter it so that it does. 

Author: @bhavana-ar @tusharraut1994 I think we need more concept information here. What does the default config result in? I'm thinking of changing it to something like:

```suggestion
By default, you can access the PX-Backup UI through an HTTP endpoint  <!-- need to describe the standard behevior here -->. If the standard PX-Backup UI endpoint configuration doesn't meet your requirements, you can configure access using HTTPS, access it through the load balancer, or even navigate to one of your node IPs directly. ```

<!-- Revisit this whole description -->

## Expose the PX-Backup UI on ingress and configure access using HTTPS

You can configure access to PX-Backup through HTTPS by creating an ingress rule.

> 1. Create the following spec, entering your own secret and hosts based on your cluster's configuration:<!-- What do they need to enter here? I assume `test`, but what else? maybe this value? px-backup-ui.test-1.us-east.containers.appdomain.cloud . I think this is also an unnecessarily compounded command piping the spec through cat creates the spec upon pasting -- which makes step 2 irrelevant -->

Author: @bhavana-ar @tusharraut1994 What do they need to enter here? I assume `test`, but what else? maybe this value? px-backup-ui.test-1.us-east.containers.appdomain.cloud . I think this is also an unnecessarily compounded command piping the spec through cat creates the spec upon pasting -- which makes step 2 irrelevant
